May 23rd 1999 Kemper Arena Kansas City
Missouri an uneasy land heart prepares
himself for a professional wrestling
match it will be the last time he enters
a ring
a shocking death tonight in the world of
professional wrestling Canadian Owen
Hart known as the blue blazer was killed
performing a pre-match stunt as Roger
Olive Oyl
and professional wrestling Owen Hart was
a reluctant stir
now Owen would pay the ultimate price
for a stardom he never really wanted
Owen Hart
the man who longed for a life outside
the ring would never escape it
Owen worked in a world of theatrical
violence but for the family he left
behind his death was all too real you
know I think my family kind of had this
image of you know we're the hearts we
are
invincible
just wrong how could this out
kind of makes you realize it you live in
on borrowed time walk along one day and
do nothing wrong play by the rules be a
good person do everything right
doesn't guarantee anything you lose that
sense of power that my family's become a
custom map
you